#Design Information
1. A grocery list consists of items the users want to buy at a grocery store. The application must allow users to add items to a list, delete items from a list, and change the quantity of items in the list (e.g., change from one to two pounds of apples). **To realize this requirement, I added to the design a class List with attributes listName and arrayItems. List class also includes the operations addItem and delItem, which add and delete items to the List. The List class is associated with the Item class which has the attribute quantity and operation chgQty to change the quantity of the item in the list.**
2. The application must contain a database (DB) of items and corresponding item types. **To realize this requirement, I added to the design a <<Database>>. The DB is associated to the List class, Item class and ItemType class.** 
3. Users must be able to add items to a list by picking them from a hierarchical list, where the first level is the item type (e.g., cereal), and the second level is the name of the actual item (e.g., shredded wheat). After adding an item, users must be able to specify a quantity for that item. **To realize this requirement, I added to the design the operations selectType() and selectItem(). The selectItem operation would include both the functionality to select item from list or entering it. Once item is selected, the quantity of the item is specified in the Item class, and finally the item is added to the arrayItems attribute in List.**
4. Users must also be able to specify an item by typing its name. In this case, the application must look in its DB for items with similar names and ask the users, for each of them, whether that is the item they intended to add. If a match cannot be found, the application must ask the user to select a type for the item and then save the new item, together with its type. **To realize this requirement, the List class is associated to the Database and their is an associated class enterItem with attribute name and operations match and saveNew that accopmlishes this functionality.**
5. Lists must be saved automatically and immediately after they are modified. **To realize this requirement, the List class has an autosave() operation that saves the list to the database whenever it is modified.**
6. Users must be able to check off items in a list (without deleting them). **To realize this requirement, the Item class has an attribute check that is a boolean and is set by the operation setCheck**
7. Users must also be able to clear all the check-off marks in a list at once. **To realize this requirement, the association between List and Item has an association class clearAllChecks, that unchecks all checked items in the List**
8. Check-off marks for a list are persistent and must also be saved immediately. **This requirement is realized by the attribute autoSave() in List.**
9. The application must present the items in a list grouped by type, so as to allow users to shop for a specific type of products at once (i.e., without having to go back and forth between aisles). **To realize this requirement I included the operation groupByType in the List class that takes the current array of Items and returns a new list with the Items grouped by Item type.**
10. The application must support multiple lists at a time (e.g., “weekly grocery list”, “monthly farmer’s market list”). Therefore, the application must provide the users with the ability to create, (re)name, select, and delete lists. **The GroceryLists class, parent in aggregate relationship with List class, has the attribute lists of type ArrayLists to store multiple lists. The GroceryLists clas also includes operations selectList and deleteList for the select and delete functionality. The List class includes attribute selected of Boolean type to identify the active List in the UI, and List class also includes operations createList and nameList to create or (re)name the list.**
11. The User Interface (UI) must be intuitive and responsive. **The User Interface is not explicitly considered as it does not affect the design directly. However, User Interactions are included in existing classes. E.g. selectType() and selectItem() in List class.**




